Allow configuring more URLs through CMake (#2828)
PrismLauncher/PrismLauncher: CMakeLists.txt

set(Launcher_NEWS_RSS_URL "https://prismlauncher.org/feed/feed.xml" CACHE STRING "URL to fetch Prism Launcher's news RSS feed from.")
set(Launcher_NEWS_OPEN_URL "https://prismlauncher.org/news" CACHE STRING "URL that gets opened when the user clicks 'More News'")
set(Launcher_HELP_URL "https://prismlauncher.org/wiki/help-pages/%1" CACHE STRING "URL (with arg %1 to be substituted with page-id) that gets opened when the user requests help")

> set(Launcher_SUCCESSFULL_LOGIN_URL "https://prismlauncher.org/successful-login" CACHE STRING "URL that gets opened when the user succesfully logins.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(Launcher_LOGIN_CALLBACK_URL "https://prismlauncher.org/successful-login" CACHE STRING "URL that gets opened when the user successfully logins.")
```

# Translations Platform URL
set(Launcher_TRANSLATIONS_URL "https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/prismlauncher/launcher/" CACHE STRING "URL for the translations platform.")

> set(Launcher_TRANSLATIONS_BASE_URL "https://i18n.prismlauncher.org/" CACHE STRING "URL for the translations files.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(Launcher_TRANSLATION_FILES_URL "https://i18n.prismlauncher.org/" CACHE STRING "URL for the translations files.")
```
Using `BASE_URL` here makes me think it's related to the variable above, not what it's actually for
